Doc tidying (#100)
predsci/PsiPy: docs/developer/tests.rst

Code coverage
-------------

> The coverage (ie. which lines are/aren't coveredby the tests) is also 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The coverage (ie. which lines are/aren't covered by the tests) is also 
```
